README.md, before:

# FLUID MESSENGER APP

## CONTEXT

Fluid messenger is a chat application made using `getStream.io` <br>
The goal of this project was to discover this API.

## MY PROJECT

To carry out this project you have the choice between several chats systems.<br>
For the latter I chose to go to a video game chat system without the video for the moment.<br>
For adding the video just add a component and configure it.

## TECHNICAL STACK

### FRONT

- React
- Hooks
- SDK getStream
- Steam Chat
- Axios
- Cookies

### BACK

- Node
- Express JS
- Bcrypt
- Cors
- Stream Chat
- Uuid

### DEPLOYMENT

- Front : Netlify
- Back : Heroku

## HOW TO USE THIS APP ?

1. In first time clone this project

```bash
git clone <url of the repo>
```

2. Install the dependencies for the Front and the Back

```bash
yarn install & npm install
```

3. Check `.env_example` in the client and server folders to get the variable of the `.env` key

4. Start the Front with

```bash
yarn start
```

5. Start the Back with

```bash
npm run start:backend
```

Commit message:

Update the readme and make the last custom style CSS

README.md, after:

# FLUID MESSENGER APP

## CONTEXT

Fluid messenger is a chat application made using `getStream.io` <br>
The goal of this project was to discover this API.

## MY PROJECT

To carry out this project you have the choice between several chats systems.<br>
For the latter I chose to go to a video game chat system without the video for the moment.<br>
For adding the video just add a component and configure it.

## TECHNICAL STACK

### FRONT

- React
- Hooks
- SDK getStream
- Steam Chat
- Axios
- Cookies

### BACK

- Node
- Express JS
- Bcrypt
- Cors
- Stream Chat
- Uuid

### DEPLOYMENT

- Front : Netlify
- Back : Heroku

## HOW TO USE THIS APP ?

With this application you will be able to chat, share videos and conversations with as many people as possible online.<br> The number of online participants will be indicated, as well as the number of counts created on this application.

### HOW TO USE IT IF YOU WANT TO CLONE THE PROJECT

1. In first time clone the project

```bash
git clone <url of the repo>
```

2. Install all the dependencies for the Front and for the Back

```bash
yarn install & npm install
```

3. Check `.env_example` in the client and server folders to get all the variable of the `.env` key

4. Start the Front with :

```bash
yarn start
```

5. Start the Back with :

```bash
npm run start:backend
```

# Licence

Copyright (c) 2021 Mathieu ELISA

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

\*Translation: Ofcourse you can use this for you project! Just make sure to say where you got this from.
